Subtitles by OnDemandKorea
(January 18, 2018/Bros School)
Clap! Clap! Clap!
Let's go!
- All right. - Oh, Class President Seo.
- You guys did your homework, right? - Yes.
Yesterday, our teacher-
Wait, we have a teacher?
There's Mr. Jang Sung-kyu.
He gave us homework to write down our wish list for the year 2018.
- Yes. - You guys did it, right?
Then let's present it one by one. Starting with Sang-min.
My wish list for 2018.
One, to repay all my debts.
- That means he'll be able to repay all of them back this year. - Two, to donate.
You're not going to go back into debt after donating, right?
- After you donate two million dollars. - Then you're the angel of debt.
Three, to go on vacation for a month.
- What about "Ask Us Anything?" - Are you leaving after departing from all shows?
Including this one?
- So you're rich now? - No!
- Then why'd you come up with that? - It's impossible to do.
- It can happen one day. - When you're cut from all programs.
Words are frightening things.
- Knock on wood. - Knock, knock, knock.
Long time ago, I said I wanted a break for a week, and look what happened.
Be careful of what you say.
When I say I'm going on a month-long vacation, it doesn't mean-
- Knock on wood. - I did. Knock, knock, knock.
On Ho-dong's face.
He can go on a month-long vacation. Just come back for recording.
How could he when he doesn't even have a private plane like you do?
Nice one.
- Next. - He's enjoying it now.
- Young-chul. - It's my turn next?
I put my sincerity in it.
It's my wish to become the ace of this show.
"Ask Us Anything" is finally losing its touch.
What do you mean?
If you want to become the ace, Ho-dong, Soo-geun,
Sang-min, and Kyung-hoon have to go down.
- Hurry up and knock on wood. - Knock, knock, knock.
- On your own face. - Knock, knock, knock.
Whenever I bother Hee-chul, the writers go, "Why
do you keep bothering the ace of the show?"
I envied that, so I wanted to be the ace.
- If you get married and have kids, you'll become the ace. - Really?
Ho-dong, what was that?
Second on my list is to meet a Korean woman.
That's cool! You met a woman from New York, too.
- I had a fling with a foreign woman. - Amazing.
Third on my list is that I hope one of my two wishes come true.
Which one is more difficult to achieve?
I wrote something realistic because there are many people I'm grateful to around me.
I want the health of my personal staff who have worked with me for 14 years.
I want you to not be sick and work with me for a long time. Scream loudly, Kims!
Good girls.
You guys have extreme jobs.
Submit a complaint to the human rights bureau.
Next up, I'm very grateful for these people.
I wish for the happiness of the staff of "Ask Us Anything."
Scream for the ace!
That's right!
Last of all, I wish this will come true.
I hope Ho-dong can live for a long, long time and take care of his health.
That's your 2018 wish list?
I want Ho-dong to live for a long time and-
(Worry about the real things.)
(Cheering on his long life)
I don't even want to waste my words on him.
(The champion still has enough energy to throw water.)
My first wish is for Buzz to become global.
But there's a condition. I'm not going to go abroad.
- What do you mean? - Only my music will.
- Second one? - For Buzz albums to be popular.
My third wish is to receive at least three confessions from women.
Wait a minute. You're going to date this year?
Rather than dating, I think it'd be nice to receive such confessions.
If you like someone, you can confess to her. How can you receive confessions?
My wish list for 2018.
First, to not mature this year.
That's great. I sincerely praise you.
Right, especially for people whose job is to make others laugh.
That means your innocence would be destroyed. You have to preserve it.
Second, for my two sons to grow.
I hope they can grow taller in 2018.
Tae-joon is going onto 4th grade, but his height is remaining in the previous grade.
- It's very dangerous. - "I wish I was taller."
And I want our "Ask Us Anything" members and writers to date.
That's why I'm preparing a 6:6 blind date with the writers.
- With who? - My older brother will be there, too.
He was born in 1971, but he doesn't have a girlfriend.
So that's why I'm going to hook them up.
I'm the real deal though.
Something for me is a small victory. Something for others is a great victory.
I'm looking forward to this.
I want Jang-hoon to become more handsome.
Therefore, I want him to get a girlfriend.
So he's single because he's ugly.
Finally, I want them to date for a long time.
- So it's a wish list for Jang-hoon. - By that, you mean for the year 2018? (Pun)
I want him to surpass the year...
I want them to last forever.
- You go, too, class president. - Okay, for me...
- First off, let's be happy! - Good one.
Second, my parents' health.
- That's nice. - Third...
"Ask Us Anything" is doing well now,
but I hope it will continue to do well.
Then don't whine during filming.
- Freedom of speech. - "Freedom of speech."
Anyways, let's all make an effort to fulfill our wishes for 2018.
Let's do our best!
(Lee Da-hee & Han Hyun-min are here!)
(Brothers are buzzing with excitement.)
Hello. I'm model Han Hyun-min who came from a
school where the whole world was focused on me.
- It's nice to meet you. - It's like seeing a celebrity.
- You're super tall. - He's currently a real high school student.
I'm a real high schooler.
Actually, you don't call us high schoolers now. You call us meal service.
- "Meal service."  - Why?
There are students who go to school to study,
but there are students who go to eat meals.
Do you give water to your hair and grow it out?
My hair...
It was popular to water plants and make them grow back in the days.
If you count his hair, he'll be 2 meters high.
- I think so. - If you came out next month, you'd be the same height as Jang-hoon.
I feel like Hyun-min was the torch for the Pyeongchang Olympics.
That's true!
I met Da-hee on "X-Men..."
"Beautiful Sunday."
We met on "Beautiful Sunday!"
- You remember that? - Of course!
- Hi. - Hi.
You're bright.
I'm Lee Da-hee from a school where people fell for my charms after just ten minutes.
- It's nice to meet you. - It's nice to meet you.
Liar. It's only been a minute, and I fell for you already.
It's been a while since I threw an amorous look.
Are you guys good at swimming?
- Swimming? - Are you swimming?
- Are you good at swimming? - I swim in the sea.
You're good at swimming? Fine, then. Dive into my charms and...
- Can't you say it with confidence? - Let me do it one more time.
- What do you mean? - This isn't a drama. It's a variety show. You're done.
Dive into my charms and let's have a good time.
- All right. - What charms do you have?
- Do you really not know? - We wouldn't know.
My face is fine. My height is fine. My body is fine.
- Hey, we have a pig here, too. (Pun) - I was born a pig.
I can dance and sing. There's nothing I can't do.
- You're good at dancing? - I think she wants us to make her dance.
- No, that's no what I meant! - Music cue!
Not yet! I have to start from the beginning! No!
("Likey" - TWICE)
Awesome!
She didn't change at all.
Did you learn it from the video?
There was the dance in the intro, but the music turned on too quickly.
Good job.
(Good job. Take a breath)
When the music turns on, we can tell if you have a sense of rhythm or not.
Are you good at singing?
- Can you sing an OST? - Did you see her expression just now?
You sang an OST? Did you bring the accompaniment?
No, why do I need one?
- Really? - Amazing.
- So acoustic on the spot? - Hold on.
Da-hee wasn't like that. She used to be shy and turn red whenever you talked to her.
Back then, I was like that because I was scared of you.
Many people say that.
What on earth have you done?
Seriously!
Did I bite people? Why would you be so scared of me?
Your first impression was just frightening.
What can I do?
(Anticipating)
Don't laugh!
- No one laughed! - You were just wrong!
(Embarrassed...)
Your voice cracked.
You're really good at blaming people!
- Can't you sincerely listen to me? - Try sincerely singing it.
It's a nice voice.
She's preparing to blame someone else!
- No. I'm good as long as I heard those words. Thank you. - Good job!
- Hyun-min, don't you have anything to do? - Drop the beat.
- Drop the beat? - You have music, too?
- Out of the blue? - I bet it's an amazing dance!
(What is the glamorous groove that will come out from Hyun-min...?)
- What? - What's that?
He's Ssamja!
Do the wave!
You have groove. The Ssamja groove.
This is troublesome.
You guys don't know,
but Hyun-min was chosen as one of "The 30 Most
Influential Teens of 2017" by TIME Magazine.
Why do they keep picking people?
How'd you get chosen?
It's not easy to be a model in Korea with these kind of looks.
Despite that fact, I did about 50 fashion shows last year.
I also went abroad, so I think TIME Magazine presented
me with this award as an encouragement to work harder.
At what age did you start modeling?
I started when I was in eighth grade.
- I uploaded a photo on social media. - It's that photo.
- Your hair is shaved. - The agency saw this photo and discovered me.
We met in Itaewon, and they told me to walk on the streets.
I did, and they offered a contract right away, so that's when I started modeling.
He looks like a model in that photo.
That photo went out on Britain's BBC.
It became a hot issue.
- At 16? - You were 16? You look very young.
- That's cool. - That was in middle school?
That photo was in TIME Magazine.
- He gives off the vibe of SHINee's Minho. - Yeah, he does.
- Your mom is Korean and your dad is Nigerian. - Right.
Is your father good at Korean?
- My mom translates between us. - Goodness!
That's hilarious!
- Look at Da-hee. - Why?
We need to find out why Da-hee danced and sang as soon as she came here.
That's because she wants to look good to someone!
(Out of the bros?)
- Seo Jang-hoon! - Me?
Hold on. My wish list is being fulfilled.
Jang-hoon is very tall, you know?
So I wanted to see him in real person and stand next to him in order to feel petite.
- So let's stand together. - Stay there.
He must have brought his cartilage today.
How about being this petite?
Why are you laughing at me?
(Let's see.)
Do I look small?
Da-hee is really tall though.
- How tall are you? - 176 centimeters.
- Come up, Hyun-min. - It's the first time I feel so small.
Hold on. If you count the end of his hair, he could be two meters tall.
He's nearly two meters tall right now.
- Da-hee is super tall. - She is, and she told our writers...
- That she wants to see Jang-hoon. - I really wanted to see you.
- Thank you. - She really wanted to see you.
- Their age gap isn't so big either. - Of course not.
- Are you 34? - I was born in 1985.
- 11 years apart. - They're nearly 12 years apart.
You guys are 11 years apart.
When Jang-hoon used to play basketball, his number was 11!
You put those two together?
You live on the 11th floor, too!
Just say yes!
- But all women who come out are connected to Jang-hoon. - Right.
- We put them together until he finally catches a woman. - He's so popular.
Hyun-min, you're a high school student right now.
- He has a girlfriend, too. - No, I don't.
Does your school know a lot about "Ask Us Anything?"
Yes, many of my friends watch it, and I do, too.
Then who is the most popular...?
What do they think of me?
What on earth is going on?
(He asked a personal question out of the blue!)
(He got the chance of asking a rare genuine high school student.)
(Very curious!)
- I think you have to make yourself known more? - Me?
Do high school students not know me?
First off, Hee-chul is the most popular one.
So they don't have a lot of interest in the rest of us.
- Ho-dong! He looks like someone. - Who?
He looks like the crock pots at my grandmother's house.
(D-line face that looks just like a crock pot)
(Zero incompatibility!)
This is the lid.
The kimchi has ripened well! Close the lid!
- That's the first time you heard of that, right? - It is.
He's that pure.
We're talking way too long about this. Bring me your enrollment forms.
- You're so handsome. - No, I'm ugly.
You know you're handsome.
How could you dare say I look handsome when Hee-chul is right there?
Oh, wow. Rather, I thought...
Hyun-min really liked Hee-chul.
He loves Hee-chul.
It's not that much, but I highly respect him.
- Hug him. - I wonder, how could those kinds of words come from his head?
- Come here. I'll give you a hug. Whoa, you're tall. - Yeah, hug him.
Don't I seem like an aunt he met after a long time?
"Continue to do best in your modeling career, and tell your mom I said hi."
First off, her name is Lee Da-hee.
- Hyun-min, you're just... - I'm a Hyun from Cheongju.
Didn't your dad give you a Nigerian name?
My ID will come out in five months.
- Oh, right, you don't have your ID yet. - That's right!
- When my mom applied for it, she did it with my Korean name. - Of course.
I never went to Nigeria before.
What does your dad call you? Just Hyun-min?
- Han Hyun-min. - Hyun-min.
What's your father's name?
It's Titus.
You can't say it like that. You have to respectfully say his name.
My father's name is Titus, sir.
When adults ask you, you must reply like that from now on.
I was thoughtless.
We'll reveal the nicknames now.
First off, Da-hee's is...
- I think you guys can get it. It's kind of silly. - Guess it.
Isn't there something that comes to mind?
- "Let's fight." (Pun) - It's nothing like that or die die either.
This is a bit... I think you guys will get it.
- "And I..." (Pun) - Right. Please express it exactly.
It's not that long.
It's up to "And I..."
What do your friends call you then?
Just as if you're singing.
Your bodyguard isn't far away.
(207 cm bodyguard is on wait!/Shy.)
So he's changing from the center to Da-hee's bodyguard?
Hyun-min's weakness is that he has a keen nose? What's that?
It's a problem because I can smell things too well.
I went to New York for a photo shoot, and I smelled Korean sausage soup.
- In New York? - On the streets of Manhattan.
I said I smell Korean sausage soup, and the person with me said, "Don't lie."
After going straight and taking a right, there
really was a Korean sausage soup restaurant.
- In Korean town? - It is there.
So I ate it right away.
I can guess most Korean foods with just my sense of smell.
We have a Korean food expert here.
I want to compete against him.
- It's not easy to win against him. - He guesses it right with just a whiff.
Ho-dong might not be good at this because he eats the food before he can smell it.
(The tongue is faster than the nose! - Eating Expert Dr. Kang)
- Hyun-min, come out. - He's going to compete against me?
I'll put the food to your nose, and on three, you will name it.
Da-hee will participate, too.
One of us should try it, too.
- I like eating, but the smell... - I'm good with the smell.
I have bad vision, but I have a keen sense of smell.
Please take a step back.
Give me a bigger blind. My blood won't flow.
This is stuffy! My eyes are being pressed inside right now.
We prepared five different kinds of Korean foods.
The one who guesses the most is the winner.
We'll start from the first one.
Oh, this is...
(1. Soft Tofu Stew)
It might be easy.
- I can't smell anything. - You must get this one right!
- Here we go. - You went too close!
Keep going.
- Got it? - It's too close.
- Got it? - I got it.
Got it? Get ready.
- Say it at the same time? - Yes.
One, two, three.
- Soft tofu stew. - Soft tofu stew.
- Soft tofu, soft tofu, soft tofu. You, Hee-chul? You said something else. - Stew...
You said stew. To be exact, it's soft tofu stew.
Soft tofu stew have their own special smell.
- I thought it was ramen. - I thought it was bean paste stew.
- There's a savory smell. - That's unique.
Hyun-min is good. We'll go with number two.
(2. Sausage Stew)
I'm hungry.
Here we go. Da-hee first.
Got it?
Got it? Hyun-min knows already.
- You can't get this wrong. - This is amazing!
Swag.
One, two, three.
- Sausage stew! - Kimchi stew!
- What did you say? - Sausage stew.
- Sausage stew. - Yes.
- Sausage stew. - Okay.
- It's sausage stew. - The answer is...
- Sausage stew. - You're good at this!
- Hyun-min, you're good at this. - So is Da-hee.
That's why I said it's vague.
- But there's a lot of kimchi in there for sausage stew. - Right. That's why...
(Don't disrespect my olfactory sense.)
(It's also like kimchi stew with sausage in it...?)
- But the smell of sausage is strong. - Next.
Number three.
I'm going to be quick with this one because the smell is certain.
Oh, come on.
It's such a familiar smell that I know what it is.
I didn't know the first two, but I know this one.
- I don't know what it is. - I do!
- One, two, three. - Dumpling soup!
- Ho-dong didn't answer. - Only Hyun-min and Hee-chul answered.
This is the smell I smelled the most often in the waiting room.
It's something you always eat, Ho-dong.
My stylist, please get me a bowl of dumpling soup.
(Seems like Ho-dong's sense of smell isn't that great anymore.)
Hyun-min knows even if I passed by quickly. He knew it right away.
Hyun-min is in the lead. Da-hee is second place.
- Here we go. Oh, this... - Isn't that one too easy?
But it could be confusing.
Wow. It's confusing.
I'll let you smell this one for a while.
Will Hyun-min be able to guess all of them correctly?
- The smell is a bit... - There are two choices.
One, two, three!
- Seafood stew! - Hot and spicy meat stew.
Bean sprout soup.
Wow, Hyun-min! He got it exactly right!
Really? It's not seafood stew?
There's that special savory smell.
Amazing!
(Perfect sense of smell with 100% accuracy!)
It's really confusing because it smells like dried pollack soup.
Then it would smell fishy.
- Hyun-min, you're incredible. - It's been a while since a guest got it perfect.
- You did really well! Perfect! - If we bet our watches, we would've lost them.
We'll go with strengths next. Da-hee first. This isn't easy.
She wants to play the singing word game. She wants you to come at her.
- We're good at this. - You guys know it, right?
- Who did you play this with? - Who?
I can't practice with anyone, so I do it myself.
From now on, there's someone you can practice with.
- Is Jang-hoon good at this, too? - Try it with him.
I'm not good at it!
- Do it for her! - Just try it once.
We'll play with the song "I love you, dear."
- I don't know that song. - Then "Kiss Kiss Kiss."
- "Kiss Kiss Kiss?" - Okay.
He got it wrong!
I'm happy you won.
(Heart-fluttering Giant)
(What do I do?)
- You know Jang-hoon never loses to anyone? - Really?
(The word 'lose' isn't in his dictionary./Complain.)
What the heck?
You're not my style either! Don't make me laugh!
Forget it! Geez!
(Our Jang-hoon changed!)
I don't know if it's just for broadcast or not,
but you have all the qualities Jang-hoon likes.
You have good reactions, and you're active.
What about Hyun-min?
His strength is that he'll show us the confidence of a top model since he's a model.
I don't know what this means. What are you going to show us?
Walking!
You know how Jang Yoon-joo and Han Hye-Jin came on the show and
showed off their walking, posing, and quick dressing skills?
I'll show walking and quick dressing skills at the same time.
You're going to change while walking?
I'm going to dress, walk, pose, go through the
back, change, and walk again within a minute.
- You'll do that in a minute? - He's showing us the backstage of modeling.
- So we can witness the backstage of modeling. - Of course.
Get ready! Hyun-min, you ready?
The music is ready, right? Let's go!
So this is the fashion runway?
Wow. Look how tall he is.
(The playful Hyun-min is gone...and he transformed into a professional model!)
(Exuding charisma)
(He exits the runway with a carelessly and coolly...)
(He speeds towards the dressing room!)
Why is the way he runs so funny?
We're seeing the backstage of a model.
What's the time?
We're starting to time him now. He wore a lot of clothes.
(It's an emergency backstage.)
(He changes to the next attire without wasting any time.)
(Done getting ready!)
Here we go! Go!
(Carelss walking as if was never in a rush)
He looks cool!
(Charisma that takes over the runway)
Now it's the backstage.
(He runs as fast as he can with his long legs!)
- He's quick. - Why is his running so funny?
He has to hurry up and come out now if he's a model.
Someone drag out the time for him! Hee-chul!
Here's the uniform model Kim Hee-chul. Kyung-hoon, you help out, too.
Hurry up and come back!
(Model Hyun-min returns!)
What the heck? Did he fail to dress?
I don't think you dressed!
(Extreme runway where everything is unbuttoned)
- Hey! - But he's really charismatic!
Did he wear less?
What the heck is that? Is this fake?
- Is this the finale? - Give him a round of applause!
- Hey, hold on. - What happened at the last part?
This is style.
- I guess all you need to do is persist. - If I dress like that, I'll be arrested.
Vintage is the trend these days.
Really? Then let's all take off our clothes, too.
- Welcome to our school! - Welcome!
You got in!
I'm warning you beforehand...
If you get it wrong or say ridiculous things, I'm going to hit you very hard!
You can't hit Hyun-min hard. His fire will go off.
(Let's protect the torch.)
(She burst into laughter again.)
She just cracks up whenever we mention a torch.
- I'll give you the first question then. - Okay.
When I was in first grade,
the most embarrassing thing in my life happened.
- First grade...  What was it?
- If you can get that embarrassed in first grade... - It was in first grade.
The only embarrassing thing in elementary school is that.
- Bathroom. - You went...in your pants.
Whether it was number one or number two, you
couldn't tell your teacher, so you just went.
- It must be right. - In first grade.
- Wrong! - Whoa. She hits hard.
You didn't bring your feces bag, so the teacher told you to get it at school.
- There were parasites in there? - And?
What's a feces bag?
- Long time ago, they checked your poop. - Feces.
- For parasites. - They don't do it nowadays.
You need to poop at home and bring it to school.
- Seriously? - Yeah.
- I didn't know. - It was for parasites.
- You were tall in elementary school, right? - Yeah.
- I know. - What?
You went to the market with your mom, and an employee was like, "Ma'am, try this."
- To an elementary school student? - She said she was tall.
- That makes no sense! - I respect your imagination.
No. Just stay still.
You were walking in the hallway, and since you were tall, the principal told you,
"Which room are you the home teacher of?"
"Ms. Lee, why aren't you teaching in class?"
Our new teacher Ms. Lee.
"You need to go to class."
- I'll give you a hint. - Okay.
- It was an annual event at school. - Sports festival.
Picnic.
I know! You had to throw something at the container, but you brought it down instead.
All the other kids were throwing it, but you were like, "Gosh."
So you took it down and kicked it!
Wrong!
I know! You couldn't fit into your gym clothes, so
you just did sports wearing your school uniform.
Seo Jang-hoon was a star at that time. So people called her Seo Jang-hoon!
"Seo Jang-hoon! Seo Jang-hoon!"
- "Marry Seo Jang-hoon!" - Ho-dong, take off your hat.
Okay.
- Wrong! - Swag.
- You were called Han Ki-bum! - No!
- What do you do at a sports festival? - Relay race.
You were running during the relay race, but you fell and your nose bled!
But that's a common occurrence. I don't think falling is really embarrassing.
You had to run one lap, but you ran two.
- Even though it was over, you kept running. - That's...
Watch. She's supposed to run.
You're supposed to get the baton like this and run, but she got it like this.
So she got it and ran the other way.
The other children were running towards her, so she was like, "What's going on?"
I know!
You ran with the other team's baton!
Soo-geun is close!
So you took the baton, ran the other way, and did a u-turn, but you lost.
Bingo!
- Then what about Soo-geun? - Young-chul got it right!
The important thing is that I lost!
Of course you lost because you went the opposite way!
The twist would be if you won!
- Now you know how I feel, right? - Totally!
- Do you understand those feelings or not? - I do.
- Your team was winning, right? - Yeah.
But they lost because of you.
I was getting ready to run, but you don't really know what's going on in first grade.
So I got the baton and started to run backwards.
My dad told me to go the other way, so I went back.
But there was too much of a difference, so I lost.
This is something that happened to me at a sports festival.
I lived apart from my mom, you know?
- One day, my mom came to the sports festival. - Really?
I'm a quick runner, but that day, everyone burst into laughter.
All the teachers were cracking up.
I was first place, so all the kids were running behind me.
My mom was under the chin-up bar.
So I just ran towards her and not on the track.
The most important thing is that all the other kids started to follow me.
My mom was like, "Go that way! Not here!"
But when I was running to my mom, all the other kids followed me.
It could be a sad story, but I was so surprised she was here.
You're the Pied Pier.
I was so shocked my mom was there.
Do you have any stories from sports festivals?
In sixth grade, I became the school president for the first time.
So I told my mom she had to come to the sports
festival, so she came even though she worked.
Since she's the mom of the class president, she
feels like she has to bring something, you know?
So I remember she spent a lot of money and bought a lot of things.
Oh, my. That's it?
(You didn't say anything wrong, but...)
You know how moms of class presidents bring goody
bags of chocolate and give them to the class.
We need to be understanding.
When we listen to him like the other adult guests, the story becomes a bit...
It's a bit bland. There's no MSG.
But we're forgetting that he's currently a high school student.
- We keep forgetting that. - He just became a junior in high school.
- His stories are very pure. - They're very innocent.
Is there something uncomfortable about being tall when you act?
Being tall is a good thing, right?
In the beginning, many directors didn't want
- to cast me because of my height. - Why not?
The directors said I was too tall for the guys, so
- I failed many auditions. - That's understandable.
But usually girls have to wear heels, and their feet will hurt.
But for me, I just stand with my legs apart like this.
The male actors acting with you must be sad...
- But I have to match their height. - For kiss scenes, it's like...
Then the male actors will start crying.
They'll do that if they're as short as Soo-geun.
What you just said was utterly rude.
You're disrespecting him too much.
It's okay if Soo-geun says that, but it was wrong of you to say it.
I seriously think I should file a complaint.
He always teases me about my height.
It's a giant!
You're definitely two meters, right?
I can use you as a pillar for my house.
Why is a pole walking around?
Chun-yang, here I am!
Hurry up and go! The audience will be here! You need to act as a gingko tree!
He's a jayu ghost!
He teased me five million times.
I did nothing, so why are you bringing that up?
It's up to you if you don't want to apologize.
I think it'd be better for you to apologize.
He apologized way too many times.
(Slightly guilty)
There are more people who aren't 180 centimeters.
(I sincerely apologize...)
When you apologize to short people, you must lower yourself to 160 centimeters.
You weren't humble just now.
- Gosh. - Did you ever fight with your boyfriends about your height?
I always wear sneakers, but you want to wear heels sometimes, you know?
- So when I do wear heels, I don't feel happy that day. - Because you'll be 190 then.
- So later on... - Is he an actor or a singer?
No! He's nothing!
- So then... - How could a person be nothing?
So if you're not an actor or singer, you're nothing?
- You're too much! - No!
(Troubled)
- Hurry up and apologize. - It's up to you.
You don't have to apologize.
What the heck?
(Her footsteps go forward without her knowing.)
I sincerely apologize about calling people who aren't actors or singers nothing.
- She's nice. - Yeah.
But my boyfriends always gift sneakers to me.
- They were sensitive. - Da-hee, wear 20 centimeter heels.
(Heart flutter!)
How many guys can say that in Korea?
"Mr. Seo, you have a date with Lee Da-hee tomorrow."
How tall is she with 20 centimeter heels? Won't she just be 196 centimeters?
- He's amazing. - Next problem.
I'll give you the next problem.
I debuted as a model.
But I went to one fashion show and grew too anxious to go back.
Why?
Hyun-min has an advantage on this one. Have you ever gotten anxious before?
Me? I almost did.
It's even more dangerous for girls, but there are times when your shoe might fall off.
- It gets really awkward then. - That makes you anxious...?
That's it.
It's very awkward.
- Like you didn't fall or anything but you got anxious? - He's only a junior.
So I think your shoe fell off while you were walking.
No. That's not it.
- Hit him hard, too. - Not his head.
- It's fine. - I think he has a cushion on his head though.
Hit him there.
Wrong!
I don't feel anything.
You were walking on the runway when you tripped.
But instinctively, you cursed.
So you were like...
(She approaches him without a word.)
No!
As you were walking, you tripped and you went like this...
- Thanks, Hyun-min. - Hyun-min likes it.
So kids like this. This was funny, right?
She tripped and went like this.
(Just my style!)
Even though he's short, with that kind of humor, he could be on the runway.
(Fierce praise!)
He said Soo-geun could be on the runway.
Height is nothing but a number.
You have no right to say that.
- Anyways, it's wrong. - You apologize, too.
- What are the basis of models? - Walking.
Think about that.
You have a swaggering gait.
Wrong! It's similar though!
I know. Your foot and arm have to be in coordination when walking.
You're supposed to walk like this, but you walked like this.
"What do I do?"
Bingo! You got it!
- Really? - Seriously? I got it right.
Yeah! I became so nervous...
You're supposed to walk in like this,
but I was so anxious and young back then that I did this...
That's natural!
But the funny thing is that no one knew that, not even the senior models.
But the teacher who taught walking was like, "Hold up. Her walking is off."
Back then, there were many famous models like Jang Yoon-joo.
They laughed a lot.
When you're on the runway, hardly anyone walks like this.
- He's making fun of you right now. - No!
In my days, you were supposed to walk like this.
- Like this. - She's really good.
- How do you walk these days? - These days...
- What about these days? - Long time ago, it was formal walking.
- Nowadays, you need feel. - Feel?
With feel and individual style, anyone can go on the runway. Even Soo-geun.
(You're making fun of me, right?)
So nowadays, you walk like this...
Here comes the torch.
Hey, how can you crack up in the middle of walking?
- You ruined the show. - I won't do it anymore.
(Laughing so hard without making a sound)
(Suppressing his laughter)
It's true. There's nothing to it.
Isn't it too simple, Hyun-min? It's totally free.
It has become a very simple generation.
I'll give you the next question.
I'm greedy about being on stage, as you guys have seen earlier.
But I think it's because of an occurrence that happened in elementary school.
- What is it? - Many things happened to you then.
- Yes, I have many memories during then. - I know.
You left home in elementary school.
But in the stage of the world...
you wanted to be the center of attention.
(At age 10...I was greedy for the stage of life...)
(He's bewildered when he's the one who said it.)
Isn't the furthest you can go during then the playground?
(It's definitely wrong!)
- That's creativity right there. - Wrong.
- You and I don't have a big age difference. - How old are you?
- I'm 36. - 36?
36. 35. 34.
In elementary school, songs from Roo'ra were always at school arts festival.
You performed then, and your classmates adored it.
They were like, "You're prettier than Kim Ji-hyun!"
I think I'm right.
The way she's drinking water means you're close.
That's good, but be more specific.
- I'm getting mad. - He must be close then.
Maybe it's a different singer then.
No way...
Did you wear fur and sing a song from BROS?
(Of course not!)
No!
You guys are close. Roo'ra's what?
"Angel Who Lost Wings!"
"Angel Who Lost Wings" became a real hit.
So you would always dance the choreography at home and school.
It has to do with that song.
- You got it. - Wow.
I danced to it for the first time at a school
arts festival, and the reaction was explosive.
So when students passed me by, they would recognize me
and go, "That's the girl who danced to Roo'ra's song."
You played Kim Ji-hyun's role?
Back then, four girls danced together.
Sang-min was super unpopular. No one wanted to be him.
No one wants to rap like him, you know?
Long time ago, at a fan sign, the fans had
to stand in front of the four of us in order.
The fans who had to stand in front of me cried.
That's too much!
- Who did they want an autograph from? - Ji-hyun or Ri-Na.
- That's right. - Hyun-min, what song was popular when you were in elementary school?
Big Bang's "Lollipop?"
It was Roo'ra for us
That's different. Ours was Jeon Yu-Na.
"I Still Love You."
When we were young, we only sang sad songs.
The most exciting song was Kim Bum-ryong's "Wind Wind Wind."
You sing those kind of songs in elementary school?
It was famous back then.
- What song was famous in middle school for you? - That was two years ago.
That's true.
- Isn't that when TWICE's "Cheer Up" came about? - That's right. TWICE exploded then.
(Shocked)
- The girls in TWICE are all older than you. - Right.
- In our days, Kim Soo-hee's "Yoke" was famous. - "Yoke."
(The same-age friends are immersed in their past memories.)
(Excellent job, Young-chul)
There was Yoon Shi-nae, too.
("To the DJ" - Yoon Shi-nae)
(The bros are immersed in their past.)
(She's just watching because she's amazed.)
(What middle school students were like back then. avi)
("Let's study" - Yoon Shi-nae)
You know the displays of old dolls in Korean Folk Village?
Hyun-min, these are old people. They're our ancestors.
(Who cares!)
Then suddenly, Lee Sun-hee came about.
"To J." She totally swept the charts!
(Completely possessed!)
(For today, I'm proud of my friend Young-chul.)
"Ah! The Old Days!"
(Amazed)
(Young-chul's Dinner Show!)
Good job. Because of me...
It's been a while since our jukebox played.
But I remember Kyung-hoon's songs when I debuted.
- Buzz's "Maybe." It was popular when I debuted. - Sing it.
- I know it all. - You're good at singing that song.
From now on, sing this song.
I've heard of his vocal mimicry, too.
He knows your songs from the imitations.
- You know it? - You know "Coward?"
You sang that song?
- He's the one who sang that song! - How do you know about it?
- My friends always sing it at karaoke rooms. - They do?
You know that song?
Not that but "You Don't Know Men."
- You know many of my songs. - I sang it like...
(What the heck is that?)
- I'll give you the last question now. - Sure.
The first scene of my first drama was a crying scene.
I was so nervous, so I drank four glasses of soju
and went to the film set, but filming was canceled.
So what did I do?
You went to the director and said, "When are
you going to stop staring at the monitor?
Look at my shoulder."
I dance?
"Director, what did I do wrong?"
It's similar, but put it in a way that's fit for my age back then.
- "Director!" - I know! What was his name?
- Yoo Chul-Yong. - Yoo Chul-Yong.
When he yelled "cut, okay," you went, "Nice one, Director Yoo!"
Think of my age!
"Can't you just film it right now? It's my first time experiencing these feelings!"
Ho-dong, at that time, I met you on "Beautiful Sunday."
But did I have that kind of personality back then? No, I didn't.
- I didn't have the personality to say it like that! - I got it!
I got it. You gained confidence after drinking...
That was a bit strong.
(Sorry.)
- That was hard.
- Just for him.
You were tipsy after drinking and
demanded he give you a bigger role.
- You wanted a bigger role.
- This is easy, why can't you get it?
- I got it.
- You went...
You went to the director and...
(Farts)
(The new actress's shy gas attack)
- Take this, instead.
- Come here, come here.
Respect!
Think of a simple saying.
I said, "Director! Blank, blank!".
"Director! You're a mutt!".
- Give me your hands.
- "You're an idiot! A fool".
- Sea anenome!
- Stupid!
"Director, you're a fool!".
"Director! I hate you!".
- "Director! Please!".
- "Director! I'm mad at you".
- "Director!".
- "I hate you!".
- You got it right!
- What was it?
Didn't I get the tone right?
I had to say, "Bye" to all the staff
members since our shoot was cancelled.
I went to the staff while
I was a bit tipsy.
I went and...
I yelled, "Director! I hate you!"
and ran away from the set.
The staff members that
saw me were shocked...
because everybody in our cast
was afraid of our director.
The director didn't take offense to
what I did since I was so young.
The staff would ask me to tell the
director I hated him, repeatedly.
Have you guys ever
defied authority before?
- You shouldn't do that.
- Of course, not.
Imagine if Jang-hoon said, "Choi Chang-soo!
I hate you!". How scary would that be?
I'm sorry, Seo Jang-hoon. Today's
recording was cancelled suddenly.
Choi Chang-soo! I hate you!
Have you ever been upset, Hyun-min?
Whether it be on a show or
when you were modeling?
I used to not go home and sleep
over at my friend's house.
- You didn't go home? What did you do?
- But, he's so nice.
- I hung out.
- What did you guys do?
- We played 'Prison Escape'.
- I know that game.
You close your eyes and find
your way out of a playground.
You ran away from home to
go play at a playground?
Tell us how you play the game.
Let's say you're at a playground.
You stand in front of the entrance with
your eyes closed, count to 10 and start.
You have 2 opportunities
to use "Wide-Eyed" option.
It only lasts for 2 seconds.
If you're hiding here, I can
yell, "Wide-Eyed" and catch you.
I understand. You can
play that at your age.
You were mad and yelled, "I'm running
away!" and played, "Wide-Eyed"?
There's nothing else I can do.
Are you doing this at a playground or a
playground that's in an apartment complex?
It can be in an apartment
complex or an empty. It varies.
- You sure are innocent. - You need to
use the "Wide-Eyed" opportunity well.
Of course! You have to have good timing.
Who really closes their eyes all the way?
You slightly open your eyes and use
"Wide-Eyed" chance when they're close to you.
Have you slightly opened your eyes as well?
- Of course.
- Isn't that cheating?
The game won't end if you
really have your eyes closed.
- What the heck is that? - Why don't
you play the game with your eyes open?
It's no fun playing with your eyes open.
- It's just a rule they have.
- Good job, Da-hee.
It was fun, Da-hee.
Your turn, Hyun-min. We're
going to get all the answers.
I think it'll be hard for you guys.
- We might not get the answers since...
- He thinks differently than us.
we're not familiar with his world.
- Let's go.
- Han Hyun-min quiz!
Aren't you guys going to clap?
(The high school student is
disappointed from the beginning)
- You need to be louder!
- I'll try it again.
Han Hyun-min's quiz!
- Han Hyun-min quiz.
- How cute.
Remember, how I told you
my father was Nigerian?
We do something often in our house because
of my father. Guess what that is.
I got it! Your father snores too loudly.
No, my mom's snoring is pretty bad.
- My gosh. - Your mom is going to
be shocked when she sees this.
I felt this when I was young,
but I think it's serious.
The bed starts to move when she snores.
- Your mom? Your mom's snoring?
- Her bed starts to move.
He's using his mom to be funny on the show.
- He used his dad, now his mom.
- It can be fixed with simple surgery.
I guess I need to make a lot of money.
I got it. Soccer. Isn't Nigeria
known to play soccer very well?
- I got it! - No. I'm still answering,
Jang-hoon. - Okay, go ahead.
- Go ahead.
- Yeah, go ahead.
Soccer. You play soccer with your dad.
She's very precise.
You play soccer with your dad in the house.
You play soccer with your family.
Every night! Outside.
- No, wait.
- Aren't you taking too many turns?
- Use only one of them!
- I'm sorry, I'll stick to my first answer.
You play soccer inside the
house with your whole family.
Are you allowed to play
soccer in the house?
He sleeps a lot.
He goes to sleep really early.
That's why, the whole family has to
go to bed at about 6 or 7 o'clock.
- Am I right?
- Wrong!
- I got it!
- No, I've got the answer.
I was tricked by a kid! I was
tricked by a high school kid!
I thought I was tricking him!
Your dad eats too many times a day.
He eats morning, noon and night.
Your neighbors come to your house and ask
you to stop since you cook too much.
Can you be more specific?
- It has something to do with food.
- Your father eats too often.
You have to continually eat with him.
Am I right?
- Am I right?
- It's not Nigerian food.
He lived in Korea for a long time.
- Does he eat fermented soy bean stew?
- Something like that.
He likes fermented soy bean stew
so much, he ate it all the time.
He only eats fermented soy bean stew.
365-days a year.
How hard do you think that
makes it for his family?
- Nope.
- It's not soybean stew! It's kimchee stew!
- I got it! It's kimchee stew!
- He tricked me too.
- He only eats soybean soup!
- He's totally into kimchee stew.
Soybean stew! Your father is
totally into soybean stew!
He's so into soybean stew
that he eats it every day!
- You got it.
- It was kimchee stew!
He's so into kimchee stew, that it has
to be on the table 365-days a year.
- You were so close.
- I guess fermented soybean stew.
I should've said kimchee stew.
There's three stews.
Kimchee, fermented soybean
and soybean stew.
He likes kimchee stew that much?
My father won't eat unless
there's spicy food on the table.
That's fascinating.
Does Nigeria have spicy dishes as well?
- I heard there's a chicken stew, but
I've never had it before. - There is.
There's a lot of spicy dishes there.
They had it in Ghana as well.
- Do you eat spicy food as well?
- I'm a total fan of spicy foods.
I add chili powder whenever I have ramen.
- What's your favorite dish?
- It's sausage soup.
Do you eat fermented soybean stew as well?
Of course. I always add Chungyang
peppers to my soybean stew.
- That's good!
- I always put peppers in too.
Do you like naengmyeon?
- There's a restaurant named... Oops, I
shouldn't have said that. - It's okay.
They have delicious naengmyeon there.
It's about 30-seconds away from my house.
When you get a chance, you should
try naengmyeon with bulgogi.
You know how the noodles are bit over the
broth? Place bulgogi on top of that.
Take a bite of noodles with the bulgogi.
It's cold from the noodles
and hot from the bulgogi.
It's perfect because the naengmyeon
is a bit bland and the beef is salty.
- Did you just order that?
- Yes.
Did you guys hear that? Get it ready.
Don't forget the bulgogi!
- If you like Korean food...
- He should still eat at home.
You know what?
You should go to Kim Shin-young
and ask for her radish kimchee.
- Is her radish kimchee good?
- Yeah, it's delicious.
I haven't had it yet,
but I heard it's delicious.
Her grandma
licks the spices for you.
You should ask her for some.
- Don't you guys remember? - I was
wondering what he was talking about.
- Of course, I remember.
- Radish kimchee is best with ramen.
Ask the next question, Hyun-min!
I have a special ability that not many
can imitate. What do you think it is?
A special ability? Like
your ability to smell?
- It's a bit different than that.
- He's hiding something.
Can you hide things in your hair?
You can hide 50 to 100 pens at a time?
I think I might be right, but I
didn't say that was my answer yet.
- Is he right?
- No.
I think he's right!
You were shocked that I got close,
didn't you? Are you shocked?
- Hyun-min! - I saw someone
hiding 30 pens in their hair.
- I got it! You can hide
things in your hair. - Nope.
When you play golf, you keep
your ball on your head.
You only need to carry around your clubs.
That's why when you play golf,
you hit the ball like this.
- I'll give you a hint. - It's only funny
because you don't know anything about golf.
- No one can think of that.
- He doesn't know anything about sports.
Not one percent.
Does it have something
to do with your hair?
Yeah, it does. Are you hiding 3
Iced-Americanos in your hair?
I'll give you a hint. One hint.
- The first hint is...
- He must be really shocked.
Soo-geun would be jealous of me.
- I'd be jealous of you?
- It has to be about height.
Height? Is it changing
his height with hair?
I got it. You can grow 1 inch at any time.
- That must be it.
- Be more specific.
- He can automatically... - You can
grow shorter or taller at your will.
You got it.
How? How do you do that?
- It's not by standing taller.
- Then, how?
It's possible! I can go from
6'2" or 6'3", like this.
"An astounding theory and
hope for all short people)
That's why he was surprised when
Soo-geun mentioned his hair.
I'm showing you how tall I can be today.
I could tie my hair back if I
wanted to be shorter today.
- Can you tie your hair?
- Do we have a rubber band?
- I have one.
- We keep forgetting...
I keep forgetting that
he's still in high school.
- How do you tie your hair?
- I was thinking too seriously.
- Tie his hair for him, Da-hee.
- I don't think it'll work.
Where did my hair tie go?
His other special ability is
to hide things in his hair.
- Can I tie it back, like this?
- Yeah.
- You look cute, Hyun-min.
- Don't I look like a warrior?
- A warrior?
- Let's see.
- How cute!
- Yes! How cute!
No, you don't look like a warrior.
- He looks different. - Does this mean
you're 6'3", only on your right-side?
Yes, if I take out my hair.
- I'm 6'3" on this side.
- Let's see!
See, I took out my hair.
- How cute.
- Look! It's Mickey Mouse!
(The "Ask Us Anything" members return to
childhood because of cute Mickey Mouse)
I've had a lot of fun
experiences because of my hair.
I was eating ramen with my friend when
he stuck a wooden chopstick in my hair.
I was upset he stuck it in my hair but...
we kept hanging out and I went home.
I was taking a shower since
I was out all day but...
while I was shampooing my hair
the wooden chopstick fell out.
You forgot? Your friend
didn't put it in secretly.
I couldn't feel it in my hair.
- Can you try sticking something
in your hair? - Right now?
- Is there something I can use?
- Come here, I have something.
I wanted to try this. Can I try
arranging flowers in your hair?
- You can put a lot in.
- I think so.
- They're clean. How about one?
- Why one? Let's put in more.
It'll go straight in.
(Goes right in)
Look over there.
Hyun-min! It looks like they're
growing out of your hair.
I remember using foam oasis
for flower arrangements.
The flowers grow well when you
put a lot of water in it.
Like you guys mentioned before, my
friends used to hide things as well.
They'd try to use my hair as a hiding
spot to hide things from teachers.
- They did that a lot. - You could hide
a whole box of cigarettes in there.
Yeah, a whole box of cigarettes.
I'm still a minor.
- Shouldn't you apologize to minors?
- Yes, apologize.
Of course, it is your preogative.
- He's a minor. - Ho-dong thinks this will
be edited out of our show, but it won't.
They're not going to edit this out.
We might protest and not come
to work next week. Apologize.
I won't stand for this either.
My gosh, they're all crazy.
(Smoking is harmful to your health)
I'll ask my last question.
What do you think makes me
the happiest these days?
It might be philosophical.
(Right at this moment!)
I wonder what it is.
This is the moment.
When you go to school
these days, you're really...
popular and your friends
gather around you.
- They gather around you. - They
gather around and ask for autographs.
They come around you all the time
and ask to hang out with as well.
- He's like a celebrity.
- Nope.
I like being a regular kid at school.
- You don't want them to see you as a
model? - No, just a plain student.
My happiness does have a
lot to do with my friends.
You travel a lot.
You travel to different countries
because of your fashion shows.
- That's my happiness?
- Yeah.
- It's possible.
- World experience.
- My friends aren't at the fashion show.
- Friends abroad?
Don't you have friends abroad?
- We all know that Times picked him as
the 30 most influential teens. - Yes.
That's all in the adult's perspective.
We have to see it in the
student's perspective.
If I think back to when
I was in high school...
we loved going to the places
like the Cola-tech or Disco-tech.
I felt like I owned the world when I'd
go with my friends after working out.
Especially when the music was blasting.
Burp sounds were louder than
the music at Cola-techs.
Hyun-min! Your happiness is when
you go to school every day...
and your desk is full of presents
and letters from female students.
- I'm sorry, my school isn't co-ed.
- I got it! I'm totally sure of it!
Hyun-min makes an earning these days.
Therefore, he has a lot
more allowance than before.
You buy deokbboki for your friends.
You're happy because you can buy
all the snacks your friends want.
- Wrong. - When you win your friends
during a game at a PC room.
No. I agree with Jang-hoon when he said
Hyun-min can buy things for his friends.
He can pay for his friend's
time at the PC room as well!
No. Doing this is just happiness in itself.
I got it! Let's say you
just got off of runway.
When you eat ramen while
playing at a PC room.
- This is...
- When you eat ramen and play games...
with your friends at a PC room!
Wow! That's exactly right! You got it.
How cute!
- I almost got it right.
- Didn't I say that?
- What was the difference?
- It was after he got off work.
- It was after I got off work.
- I see, after work. - Not after school.
For us, we get off work and our
day ends with a shot of soju.
- For him, it's playing at a PC room.
- Don't you need to study?
I decided to break-up with studying
when I was in elementary school.
Is that when you use the word "break-up"?
- That's when you use that word.
- I go to PC rooms to relieve my stress.
The location of the PC
rooms matter as well.
I go to a PC room in Hongdae if I
have a photo shoot in Euljiro.
The PC room in Hongdae is
known for their egg and rice.
I always eat eggs and rice there.
If I have a shoot in Kangnam
or somewhere close...
I'll go to a PC room in Itaewon
since they make the best ramen.
- I'll eat ramen and...
- Not cup ramen? - No.
They make the ramen for you these days.
It's delicious. Aluminum foil?
They don't use that anymore.
- Aluminum foil ramen was good, wasn't it?
- It's even better.
- That's crazy.
- They perfectly make each role.
When I'm eating a ramen and playing
games at a PC room, it's like you said.
It's the same as you guys having
drink and I'm playing games.
What stresses you out, Hyun-min?
Well, it's when I want to
hangout with my friends.
We're in high school, so my friends are
either working part-time or studying.
That's why I think playing games
has become sort of like my friend.
- Are you good at soccer?
- I'm good at kicking the ball.
You do? You should come over next time.
I saw your phantom dribbling
on "One Night and Two Days".
Are you interested in those things as well?
You should only play soccer.
(Great advice from one
soccer-lover to another)
(A place with romance
when you're in school)
(Welcome to "Ask Us Anything's"
school broadcast room)
- Is this the place? - I think this is "Ask
Us Anything" High School Broadcasting room.
- I think this is the broadcasting room.
- Really? - Let's sit over here.
- I'm getting nervous.
- Do you go in there?
Why are you guys here again?
This must be the broadcasting room.
They always follow me around.
Why are you here?
- Aren't you a wrestler?
- The basketball player?
You're my senior.
Why are you here when you're
in the wrestling club?
- This is the broadcasting room.
- The wrestling room isn't here.
- You should go to the acting club.
- Why?
You belong in the acting club, not here.
You don't know about my dreams.
- Aren't you a food fighter?
- They upset because Lee Soo-il is missing.
Yeah, you should go there.
- Go try and act like Lee Soo-il.
- They have a taxi waiting for you.
Reporting the news is
also considered acting.
- Our seniors are coming in.
- Hello.
- Why is it so loud in here?
- Go ahead and sit down.
- Hello.
Sit down, sit down.
It's nice to meet you, I'm your idol! The
role model you've been dreaming about.
I'm the VP of the Broadcasting
Club, Jang Sung-kyu!
It's nice to meet you.
We've heard a lot about you.
I'm Lee Da-hee, the Broadcasting Club's
ace and goddess of the universe.
Lee Da-hee! Lee Da-hee! Lee Da-hee!
I'm the eldest in the Broadcasting Club.
You don't need to know my name.
Why not?
- Shouldn't we know your name?
- I don't think you need to know my name.
You should still tell us.
That's the senior that sold all the
Broadcasting Club's equipment.
- He sold it to pay back his debt.
- He sold everything.
He owed money to the PTA.
(All murmuring)
I heard he owed a lot
of money to the snack bar.
That's why he can't graduate.
- Is that for real?
- Yeah, it's for real.
We had to slap each other's hand
for our relay races last year.
He even sold off the
athletic program's batons.
He sold all the school's equipment.
Do you know who our
Broadcasting Club's teacher is?
- Who?
- It's Sohn Suk-hee!
That's right, sit properly!
Our teacher wants to pick the best new
person for our "Ask Us Anything"...
High School's Broadcasting
Club while keeping...
our traditions and
representing our future.
The three of us are here, so we can
choose one person amongst you guys.
Listen carefully and show us
all your talents. Alright?
Yes, we understand.
- Sit down.
- Sit in the middle, Da-hee.
Be careful. Sang-min is irritable today.
His name is Sang-min?
- He didn't tell us his name.
- I just told you.
His name is Sang-min? I'm
honored to know his name.
To be honest, I didn't really
care to know his name.
- We should know his name.
- Alright!
Doesn't he look sad today?
You guys gave me your
statements for entrance.
I'll try to match you to your statement.
- Who is Kang Ho-dong?
- Yes?
(The first contestant is Ho-dong)
You're disqualified.
- Can we know the reason?
- You didn't tell us why.
Why?
I'm uncomfortable around you.
What am I lacking?
Have you seen how passionate I am?
Have you seen my will?
I actually like your spirit.
What I hear is that you're potentially
a rising star in wrestling.
Why are you at this club?
I predict that I'll be
wrestling champion...
5 times and Baekdu Wrestling
Champion 7-times.
About the age of 25, I'll retire wrestling
and start a career as an entertainer.
It's not coming quickly to me.
I bet you'll also have a period when
you can't come on TV for a while.
I'll do my best.
You should apologize in
advance for what you'll do.
Go ahead, apologize.
Wait, Ho-dong. I have a question.
Since you'll be an
entertainer in the future...
what do you think is the
trend in variety shows?
Will it be "Kang's Kitchen", "Let's Have
Dinner Together" or "Ask Us Anything"?
- I believe it's "Ask Us Anything".
- Why?
- What?
I believe the trend is being carefree.
Moving freely like the water.
It's not artificial either.
It's honest and clean.
It's also a program that
communicates with the audience.
- "Kang's Kitchen" and "Let's Eat Dinner
Together" doesn't have that? - No.
(Totally Honest)
(Even Da-hee accepts his passion)
- Great answer.
- Future variety!
Future broadcasting!
Swag!
Let's get it.
Do you think you'll be okay?
Are you going to be okay?
No, absolutely not. No worries.
No worries. He even speaks English.
If you were born again...
would you be a wrestling
star or a great entertainer...
who is always nominated
for the grand prize?
You can only choose one or the either.
Tell her you want to be
a 'wrestling clown'.
(A person that wrestles and
is a clown on television)
I can't believe you guys didn't know.
- He told you to be both.
- Wrestling and broadcasting?
Yes, I'd like to be loved by
everyone in each community.
A 'wrestling clown' that can
do both for each industry.
He'll be a bird that flies between
wrestling and broadcasting.
He'll be a new kind of entertainer.
A 'wrestling clown'.
It's Kang Ho-dong representing
Korea as the 'wrestling clown'!
Sit down, wrestling clown!
(Everyone complimented
his name as 'wrestling clown.
A person who shot
two birds with one stone)
(Respect)
(I respect you)
Can you stay after school today?
(Yes, please teach me your ways)
Next, it's Yeong-cheol.
I'm Kim Yeong-cheol and I'll be leading the
broadcasting club in the next generation.
Currently, I'm broadcasting a personal
radio show from 7-9 in the morning.
Have you ever heard my show?
My show was ranked third when they recently
did a listener-rating on all radio shows.
Respect!
Yeong-cheol is the only one that
can win the 'wrestling clown'.
He does his own radio show in the morning.
(Does + Own + Radio = Dog)
What happens when the two of us meet?
- I'm a 'wrestling clown'.
- I'm a 'dog'.
That's 'wrestling clown' and 'dog'.
If he did the show damn
early, he'd be 'damned dog'.
Next, it's Min Kyung-hoon.
Please listen to why I should be
admitted to the Broadcasting Club.
First, you can see Da-hee
at the Broadcasting Club.
Second, I like Da-hee.
Third...
Da-hee and I will soon
be in a relationship.
Today's our first day together.
I think she's going to hug me.
I actually have something to give you.
You already have a couple ring for us?
Give him the rest in your other pocket.
- In my other pocket? - Do you
really have a couple ring in there?
We need to hear it.
(Damn it!)
I'm not letting anyone
broadcast anything today!
Put it down, I told you to put it down!
why isn't Jo Su-ae and
Kim Ji-young here yet?
- Kim Ji-young is an actress!
- She played Bok-Gil!
(I'm really sorry, Announcer Kim Ji-young)
Be quiet, everyone. I have
something to ask you, Kyung-hoon.
What if you had to be on a show...
but your girlfriend kept asking
you to stay with her instead?
What would you do?
I would stay with my girlfriend.
I'd start a live simultaneous broadcast.
- How? - I'd start a live
broadcast with my girlfriend...
and keep filming our day, so I
don't flake out on my show.
I'd continue to do everything in
powers to tackle both jobs properly.
He has enough talent not
to make an ass of himself.
That's why they call him 'live ass'.
It's hard being a 'live ass'.
Check out 'live ass'.
Did you say, "Live" or "Divorce"? I heard
live divorce simultaneous broadcast.
A live divorce simultaneous broadcast?
- A live divorce simultaneous broadcast?
It's possible for a live divorce
simultaneous broadcast?
I'm sorry, guys.
Hey, guys! Can you listen to me?
I'm fine with you guys talking about that,
but could you look over there as well?
Why do you only look at me?
Jang-hoon can be in charge
of live broadcasts.
You guys should look at him as well.
Doesn't something smell
fishy over there, too?
Have you ever sent a sign to your
girlfriend while on a show before?
I've never done that before.
I'm not an amateur.
This 'damn ass' doesn't
do things like that.
I hope you trust me.
- Really?
- Yes.
Wow, I really like that. I'm impressed.
Next, let's hear from Hee-chul.
- I'm looking forward to this.
- He's handsome.
He's pretty.
Hello, my name is Kim Hee-chul.
The reason I applied for the Broadcasting
Club is because Da-hee is here.
Did you fall for me too?
My looks are accepted here.
I satisfy all the needs of
being pretty in this club.
I know you're pretty, but
you're not all that.
Imagine if I had hair as long as you.
I'm pretty too.
- Let's see? - Do I really
have to compare myself to you?
Wait a second! My feelings
are getting hurt too!
Okay. Kim Hee-chul wins.
(Shocked)
No, Da-hee is prettier.
You are pretty, but you still lose, Da-hee.
I'll only have eyes for you, Da-hee.
- Do you want what's in my other pocket?
- I'll take it when no one is watching.
Now, it's Soo-geun's turn.
I've been ready to be a reporter.
I've been hosting singing contests and
village broadcast for a long time...
in my home village, Jueup-ri,
Gaegun-myeon, Yangpyeong-gun, Gyeonggi-do
Ah, ah! Misters, we're trying to test...
Test the Tetris game.
(Jueup-ri's pro-gamer)
(The competitors burst out laughing
from his unexpected comments)
Ah, ah! I bet you want an Americano.
We're planning to have
a jajangmyeon party...
with all the folks from our village...
at the village community center.
Please come to the community center
by 6, and please don't be late!
I almost forgot! Only our men
members are welcome tonight.
I think it'll be okay if the
female members don't attend.
(Mom said she didn't like jajangmyeon)
(Laughing)
I was born ready to be a reporter.
Yes, I was born ready.
I'm confident I'll be chosen,
if I can win those two people.
No matter how much I think about
it, it'll be hard to beat...
a person that can wrestle
and be an entertainer.
He's the future of
professional entertainers.
The future of broadcasting,
'wrestling clown'.
(I'll do my best to wrestle
as well as be entertaining)
My other competitor is 'live ass' since
he is entertaining on live television.
My goodness, I almost forgot this person!
When a couple is going
through hard-times...
our live divorce simultaneous
broadcasting reporter.
No! It's against school
rules to use violence!
You have to be understanding.
Yes, our school doesn't
use any kind of violence.
(I'm not going to let you get
away with this, Lee Soo-geun)
I believe having competitors is great
since it helps me be a better person.
I really like you, Soo-geun. I
still have a question for you.
Yes, go ahead.
It seems like you're
especially afraid of Ho-dong.
Let's say, you need to do a show.
Suddenly, Ho-dong tells you to come to him
or he'll kill you. What would you do?
First, I'll go to Ho-dong and come back.
He always stops before the brinks of death.
He still allows me to
limp all the way home.
- You're not scared of Ho-dong?
- What?
- You're not scared of him?
- Absolutely not.
Then, go and flick his forehead.
I believe that's wrong of you.
I don't think it's right for
one person to ask their...
junior classmate to use
violence on another person.
How long has it been that you
couldn't close your legs?
- Soo-geun!
- Yes?
You still need to do it since
senior classmate asked you.
Flick Ho-dong's forehead so
hard, we can hear it from here.
You're coming this way?
Why are you coming here?
Show us!
- She told me to do it.
- Go away.
Who should I hit over there?
- What?
- Who should I hit over there/
The fat kid on the left.
Soo-geun! You shouldn't do that.
- You need this gig.
- You should listen to our seniors.
You need to make the right choice!
Go back to the 'wrestling clown'!
Alright! I've made a decision!
I'm sure there will be a price to
pay if I flick Ho-dong's forehead.
Isn't it better to choose this side,
when I won't see the seniors anymore?
(He really was born to be on television)
- He's so funny.
- Good job!
Thank you, seniors! I'll do my best!
I'm good at running errands as well!
Darn! It's live divorce
simultaneous reporter's turn.
He's the front-runner.
Next, Jang-hoon.
I'm the best-looking and I'm the only son
of this school's foundation president.
My name is Seo Jang-hoon and
I used to play basketball.
I'd like to quit playing basketball
and join the Broadcasting Club.
- Shouldn't you be smart and have facts
if you're part of this club? - Of course.
I'm the only one who is smart
and has common sense.
Shall we sign our contract?
Who care if you're smart
and have common sense?
There's no happiness in your life!
How can you deliver happiness to the
audience, when you're not happy?
The only way to deliver happiness
is by being happy yourself.
You should find happiness first!
Do you currently have
happiness in your life?
What do you think about that?
- Jang-hoon!
- Let's be happy.
(Let's be happy)
I like that kind of determination.
- Let me ask a question, Jang-hoon.
- Okay.
When was the last time you felt
like you were the happiest?
Except for when you received your award.
The moment I met you.
What do you think about
what he said, Da-hee?
I'm getting jealous!
You should give him a hand-written letter.
I'll decline the hand-written letter.
Recently, I was slapped many
times by another woman.
Her hair looked like a poodle's hair.
You must've gotten hit a lot.
- I'll decline hand-written letters from
now on. - Good. Come on up, Hyun-min.
- Physical!
- He has the best first impression.
Hello, my name is Han Hyun-min and
I'm a rising broadcasting star.
Don't you think our club will become
hot if someone hot like me joins?
Would you be okay with not being able to
enter PC rooms if you join this club?
- PC rooms.
- He's really contemplating this.
- This is real for him.
- You need to get into the club, Hyun-min.
From what I hear, I hear...
Hyun-min has a lower IQ than Kyung-hoon.
- Eba!
- Eba?
What is 'eba'? How can
a reporter use slang?
What does 'eba' mean?
It means you're going over-board.
You shouldn't use slang like, eba!
Are you smart?
- Of course. - I'll ask you a
question since you said you're smart.
There's a river in Hungary.
Is it named the Denube or Danube River?
It's Tumen River.
(Standing ovation)
Wow! Fantastic!
That's great! I liked your answer.
- That was a good answer, Hyun-min.
- That was a sinker.
So far, I think you'll
be the best reporter.
Go back to your seat, Hyun-min.
Thank you for your introductions.
From this point on, we're going
to test you to see whether...
you belong to this club.
If you consider yourself a reporter...
you'll have to know all the news happening
at "Ask Us Anything" High School.
You need to simplify all the news
and report it in an orderly manner.
Before we do that, shouldn't
we see your talents?
- What about Da-hee?
- Da-hee and...
- Show us, Da-hee!
- You don't know about Da-hee, do you?
Da-hee is an excellent
reporter that stations like...
CNN and BBC are
trying to scout her.
Can you send them, Da-hee?
- Send what?
- What do you mean, "Send"?
Can you send something to BBC news?
Da-hee is going to show us later-on.
She has to show us, right now.
- You're their senior, so you can show
them how it's done. - Yeah, go ahead.
- Really?
- Professionals don't need to rehearse.
- They can go right away.
- Yeah, show them, Sung-kyu.
Launch, Da-hee.
How can a reporter use 'launch'
in this kind of sentence?
Show us how it's done, Sun-kyu.
In five, four, three...
- Let's go, Sun-kyu!
- We don't have enough time!
Cue!
This is "Ask Us Anything's"
new in one-minute.
"Ask Us Anything's" viewer's rating
is currently estimated at 5-6%.
They're cruising happily.
The most important thing
in all of this is, me.
It's because Jang Sun-kyu
was part of the show.
- Because of me...
- A bug has been implanted in your ear!
A bug has been implanted in your ear!
He's flustered! He's flustered.
I believe the show is successful
because I made a difference...
when IOI was on the show.
- Next week...
- Finished! - You're done.
You're not going to be on
the show from next week on?
- He didn't have a good ending.
- No, he didn't.
As you can see, it's even hard
for a professional to do.
I'll give you 5-minutes to get
ready for your 1-minute news.
We can't do it right away.
- One-minute news.
- "AUA" one-minute news.
We need to see an example.
Wow! Hyun-min is left-handed.
Being left-handed is
the trend these days.
- You're writing left-handed
because it's a trend?
- Can I talk trash about you?
- Of course. It'd be an honor.
Even bad press is still press.
- I suddenly don't want to do this.
- That's not right!
(Sudden regret)
I'm warning you, there may be disturbances
while you're reporting your news.
Remember to adjust accordingly
to those sudden situations.
- Stop!
- I didn't get to finish.
Put your pens down.
Da-hee put her pen down the first.
- Learn from her.
- Wow! Thank you.
- I'll show you how it's done.
- We're rooting for you, Da-hee.
- Pay attention when each person
is in there. - Okay! - Great!
- You don't need your headphones.
- I don't?
Reporters don't use headphones.
- You're not a DJ.
- Live 1-minute news.
This is Lee Da-hee for AUA 1-Minute News.
As you know, there are fixed students
that attend AUA High School.
Amongst the members, the least funny
student was recently kicked out of school.
None of the other students were upset
that Yeong-cheol was kicked out.
Lee Da-hee was chosen as the student,
who will replace Kim Yeong-cheol.
- She's promoting herself.
- We'll look forward to her presence.
I'm Lee Da-hee and that
was AUA's 1-minute news.
- There's still time. - I will sing you
a song since we have some time to kill.
That's great reaction.
(The thing about waiting is...)
(The ending song for
1-minute by Lee Da-hee)
(Laughing)
- That's the end!
- Thank you for listening.
She's a senior and she can't
get the timing correct?
You were great! You were wonderful!
- It's just as I thought!
- Just as I thought, Da-hee!
- Isn't that amazing?
- It's just like Da-hee.
The seniors approve of her.
You don't need to touch
anything these days.
He's thinking about
his days at clubs.
Test, test.
- Test. Burning night, sexy night!
- Good job.
Start.
We'll do our very best today as well.
We have eggs.
- Yeah, that's the same tone.
- Eggs for sale!
- Time is ticking. - This is news
about AUA's student, Kim Yeong-cheol.
Kim Yeong-cheol realized that comedy
wasn't the right genre for him and...
decided to only watch comedy from home.
He decided to look at
the big picture instead of...
of worrying about
the small things...
and succeeded in opening up a jam
business while selling various fruits.
He can't see things close to him.
The jam's brand name is "No Jam".
I have news about relationships.
Seo Jang-hoon...
almost had something going with Lee
Da-hee during a recording of AUA.
In the end...
- he couldn't fix his problems
and finally... - Cut!
In the end, what? What happened?
- I'm curious!
- What happened?
(Ho-dong's news ends with a cliff-hanger)
Hurry, tell us the rest of the news!
I told you, I'm curious!
(The two-people involved don't
even know what happened)
- I'm so curious as to what happened.
- Where did Ho-dong go?
Hurry, find out where he is. I
want to know what happened!
Let's continue with Yeong-cheol.
Start.
I have international news
for AUA's 1-minute news.
AUA's student, Kim Yeong-cheol attended a
world-wide competition for comedians...
and I have news that he placed
first in the competition.
All the students at AUA High School are
pleading Kim Yeong-cheol to return.
We're waiting for Kim Yeong-cheol's
return and his energy.
What's he talking about?
Let's watch Kim Yeong-cheol's skit at the
World Comedy Classic to end the show.
Which city sneezes the most at Sweden?
- Stockholm!
- Stop it!
- He was right on time!
- That's fabricated news.
It's personal dream news.
Three, two, one, start.
This is your 1-minute news.
Currently, the fine dust
pollution is at its highest.
The city's transportation
committee has decided to...
offer free public transportation to
people, who are trying to get to work.
- The city would offer that?
- The city?
Ah, ah! Let me repeat myself.
When was 1-minute this long?
You still have time, keep going.
Let me repeat the news.
Let me tell you again!
This is your 1-minute news. Isn't the
fine dust pollution horrible these days?
We've decided to offer free
bus shuttle services...
to make it easier for
everyone to move about.
- Please use it.
- Done!
- That's it. - I didn't know how
precious or long 1-minute could be.
That's right, I'm glad you realized that.
You can deliver great happiness
to a lot of people in 1-minute.
It was supposed to be AUA
News, not AUA Village News.
Well, the thing is...
there was a various...
- You were trying to relay the news for
different generation. - That's right!
Let's go. Live in three seconds.
Three, two, one, go.
Hello.
This is your AUA 1-minute News.
- Is he a DJ?
- Sounds like one.
Let me ask our audience members.
Are your kids okay?
I hear violence at school is
quite serious these days.
Unfortunately, this is
also happening around us.
A student attending AUA High School...
by the name of Kang Ho-dong,
recently displayed violence...
because another student by
the name of Yeo Woon-hyuk...
decided to wake him up in class.
The two students, Mr. Kang and Mr. Yeo...
He farted.
- He went in there to fart.
- used to be close friends but...
- The studio has been breached!
- What the heck?
I went in to catch bugs.
You're going too far.
- I made the noise with my lips.
- You want me to believe that?
Three, two, one! Start!
Hello, audience members.
This is Lee Soo-geun, JTBC's new
endeavor of AUA's 1-minute news.
I'll try my best to clearly
and vividly deliver...
the hottest news that
is trending these days.
One-minute news isn't about
rushing the news out to you...
but deliver a variety of...
happy, sad and other news to you.
How can his introduction take 30-seconds?
He hasn't given any news.
Why didn't you write something down?
- I still have 22-seconds left.
- This isn't the news!
Our very first guest,
Kim Je-dong, is here...
to tell you how to listen to our news.
Do you have any tips on
how to watch the news?
Yes, watch it with a comfortable heart.
This was your comfortable AUA News.
- He didn't do anything! - You can't
use time to show your imitations.
There wasn't any news at all!
I had our first guest, like the news.
- What did you do for the first 30-seconds?
- You just kept giving an introduction.
You need to tell the audience what
you're going to do on the first week.
- It was very witty.
- He approves.
The guest told you to watch
the news comfortably.
It's Hyun-min's turn, our rising star.
I'm looking forward to this.
- Mic test. - 3-seconds before we go live.
- Three, two , one. Cue.
- He looks good in there.
Hello, this is your announcer for
AUA 1-minute news, Han Hyun-min.
Recently, a transfer student to
AUA High School has become...
the ultimate trend from the way he
strides down the class hallways.
- Ultimate?
- Don't use slang! No slang!
On the other hand, AUA's students began
to protest by yelling, "Eba-Seba"...
when the cafeteria forgot to
serve eggs with their rice.
- What's "Eba-Seba"?
- What's he talking about?
In other recent news, the school
next to AUA High School..
Keep going. He's flustered.
Isn't it cold these days? Make
sure to wear warm clothes.
- Done!
- Wait a second!
He can't use slang!
Can't reporters be trendy
by using words like this?
We need to break through stereotypes.
That was amazing.
- That was good.
- What does 'Eba-Seba' mean?
(News showing the passion of teens)
- It's kind of like, you're going too far.
- You're over-exaggerating?
- AUA is eba-seba.
- Good, it's Jang-hoon's turn.
- Great!
- Start.
- Hello, this is AUA's 1-minute news.
- Kim Yeong-cheol announced his third
single. - Everyone is talking about me.
We're counting down the days for
his third single to be released.
But some people are asking, "Why
does Kim Yeong-cheol keep singing?".
They ask, "Does Kim Yeong-cheol have
something over Yoon Jong-shin?".
There's also rumor that he's paying
for his own single releases.
Especially after we've heard
that one of the biggest...
stars will be featured
in his next music video.
Let me take a Polaroid, Seo Jang-hoon.
Can you show us a "V"?
Many of the reviews are stating
that people are more...
interested in the celebrity starring
his video than Kim Yeong-cheol's song.
We'll try our very best tomorrow as well.
Give me a "V" sign.
His news was perfect!
- You won't fall for sudden attacks.
- No, he didn't fall for your tricks.
Let's give a round of
applause to Jang-hoon.
We're going to discuss amongst ourselves...
on who was the best and choose
a winner of the competition.
Can you choose two people?
We decided that Da-hee
will choose the winner.
What if she chooses her ideal type instead?
- Da-hee!
- Stand in a line and look to the front.
(Picks things up)
This could be a commemoration.
One, two, three!
- Good job.
- Don't wave it around too much.
You can't shake it too much.
Da-hee is going to disqualify
you one at a time.
- Do I push them one by one?
- Yeah.
(The first to be disqualified: Hee-chul)
That's what I thought.
You offended me today.
It's because I'm prettier.
(Ho-dong is quickly disqualified)
I knew this would happen
when you did your news.
Stop talking and go away, Yeong-cheol!
There's three left.
- Good. - Jang-hoon is
anticipating, he's anticipating.
(Trying to control his expression)
(Kyung-hoon is 5th to be disqualified)
It's Jang-hoon versus Hyun-min.
You can hug the winner from the back.
- Stand closer.
- Come closer.
Spread your arms and stand straight.
- Look for your love...
- Your love?
- Go to the person you love.
- So suddenly?
Go and give a back hug to your choice.
One, two, three!
(Smiles)
Your fingers are too wide!
Your hands are too masculine.
(He gets caught because of his hands)
This is for real now.
Who will Da-hee choose?
(Who will Da-hee choose?)
(She chooses, Seo Jang-hoon)
(Embarrassed)
Congratulations, congratulations.
(Jang-hoon is chosen as the club
member and loved by Da-hee)
Come closer, we need to take a picture.
(They take a picture of
commemorate the moment)
Make sure you're smiling. One, two, three!
(Previews of Seungri and
iKON will be shown shortly)
Seo Jang-hoon is getting married!
- Find someone to congratulate him.
- Everyone! Son, daughter!
- Son!
- Daughter!
- I brought YG's rising stars.
- We're iKON.
Showtime!
(iKON's show time?)
(Ju-Ne has ambitious
imitations of PSY ready)
PSY usually does this.
(He steals Ju-ne's moment)
Come over here and sit down.
Good job, good job.
Follow along, Yeong-cheol.
You can't get popular because
you just sit around!
(Seungri gets compliments
from Ho-dong and goes off)
I bet YG people are getting frustrated.
- We can't see daylight.
- Trust us and do what you want.
(He imitates Seungri)
(Even if I lose everything...)
(Acts like GD)
(They continue with praise-worthy acts)
(The AUA members answer back)
(iKON is finally gets in their groove)
(You and I are the connecting link)
(Full of swag)
(The AUA members become one as
hip-hop is their connecting link)
("Ask Us Anything", every Saturday
night at 9. Don't miss it!)
(Number 1 cheerleader: Park Ki-ryang)
(They use all their
strength for cheerleading)
(Move about)
(Will the AUA members
succeed in cheerleading?)
Subtitles by OnDemandKorea